I would live here, but the video is welcome.
this time guys
need for speed anger I had to
opportunity to play it at e3 to
gay invitation and I must say that it was
very faithful to be able to play these games
not yet launched right
but I must confess that I am not
very fan of mega racing games fan
not a thing worth remembering
of an interesting thing that I think is
that racing games are much better
graphically if most of the
other games
perhaps for the reason he only simulated the
car and the environment is easier than
a computer has achieved a loyalty
ever increasing graph
but no more nor is the 1st
It's very beautiful, and it's a game.
many other games there too on e3 né
this is the need for speed angry and
it looks like his cool thing actually
is that you play a race actually
have an open world open map you
you can go to several places and on this map
There are some races you can
start right
after you start just by this
running you will be counting points that is the
sp the speedy bridges as you go
type
completing the race by crashing into cars
the police or doing the drift will
earning more movie points and then
of a certain period of time which is
the race that happens goes
the game will launch cops behind
Do you speak Caraca Ferrou?
but the coolest of all is that
cops they can get intelligence
but they can also be
knows your own friends or guys
on the internet because the game will be good
you forever right
of course you can apparently
play offline also no you do not have
this need of the game if online is
Because I understood why I understood
more or less so, but it's nice of me
I've also seen other racing games and
most of them bring this innovation
in the multiplayer sense of the thing, right?
because I imagine playing with a game of
other people's race should be a
experience much more iron né
And you can also play with the police officer.
Can you already catch the cop?
subjective as
if it is to destroy the cars and arrest them
huh
you can even try to
your friends just used on the face and the day
I must confess that I am the most
the world's horrible playing in the
You can see that the direct hit
sometimes I could do some
beautiful things like that I kept like this
Mega happy, right, and you'll see that one
part of the game so I can start walking
against me i'm very dumb
There it is now that I found a race
I was looking for a race, whatever.
sane and titanium is an event for you
enter does not press l1 you accept the
racing starts you can even get
she win there you have to go if you
Minimalism look you have to follow
this green until the race is over and
tv that one hour I know there I had to
forced battikha twitter as trade and
unlike the arrow comes from face what
most have difficulty in games
race is to make the curve what I eat
always end up knocking on the wall or
slowing down everyone passing by
my front of course this video was
shipped with liquid nitrogen
that you can use you take the rapidion
and also you have an emmy pen that is
impulsive but ibra there I do not know what it is
mpe mpt with a grenade that turns off the
car you lose total control
You can use that for the police there.
was even trying to use it has
that looking a little hard can be used
the police and can use in other
competitors have already used it myself
I earn points while I'm dumb yet
hit him right?
so then you use that which is very good
then I started already against houses or
very good, the guy can see that there is
certain green is being there from the bottom of the
my car is means everything
on the contrary, it is getting worse and
funny dance is that it was that kind of
a girl there that he was helping to
people that were playing I was
connected on the other hand nessun bc
here I said I do not know that I'm in
another hand mancini psychiatrist decided
her publisher talked about investing but should
because I was really seeing myself if I
continuing my work here is very tiring
ass but including also had one of the
guys who developed this game there he
He said it really is the face against
even the guy who made the game saw that
I'm a complete idiot and should the
racing games but that is part of
she is accustomed to playing running is
good and another interesting thing is that
the game between the name of a building that
this is crazy if this scenario so you
try for various things you can go
for a different way this is cool I
I like it at least and you can live there.
which has more lists of things like
filled squares and
others do not
that's it, it's missions you have
during a short run the more
missions you complete the more points you
will complete what these call for peace in
a car and chased me drugs in the car
Police in growth drive
very wild even then if you
complete all and if that tikrit it
I followed more points and after you
complete the race
who wins I think there must be more
points you lose earns less and you
can compare and compete with everything
world that was playing talk i did
The more points you make, the more points you get.
it's a hospital
and more like jade there was when
You're against me, I'm stupid to come.
car and I got the car there the more
Points you make more pieces and will buy
such and such could not see much of it because
the game was in phase to the total neither they
nor did I record a little of the map and
they said nothing but can write the map me
gave a scold
Then I said boy I'm going to map only
I 'm not going to take 1 but there.
Then you can leave the race too.
That's what I did there when I was already
It's horrible I'm leaving her and what?
start again and this sp
he stays there guys you keep up with him
no matter how many things you do or
no and you are only
I got six points even when you go
for such a garage and such is not the
police case hits you several
times and tietê capture
you lose all your points what it is
Damn it and you have to start it all.
again it's good if you kinda
save your points by going to the warehouse there
that the hospital garage is not
But that's it guys this is the need
Thank you so much for everything, ever.
There was and will be next time.